the school nurse will be given to get treatment if you need to get treatment from the workplace .
Vantaa has the city of the city &apos;s website in the city website in the Finnish language .
the service is open for all people who are open to all people who are interested in all people .
more information is available on the website of the Finnish National Board of Education .
advice for young people is available on the
right @-@ of @-@ occupancy dwelling
what can you can use the ?
the InfoFinland page the service of Helsinki contains information on where to get help in Helsinki , or a family can help with problems in Helsinki , or a family .
if the Finnish language is some other than Finnish or Swedish and , he or she will be eligible to preparatory education for upper secondary school for adults ( students ) for upper secondary school for adults ( students ) .
the service ( the ) is intended for those who are under 18 years old .
Finnish language and culture is available in Finnish , Swedish and culture , in Finnish and culture , in Finnish and culture , in Finnish and culture , in the country of Finland .
a child &apos;s degree does not include the insurance policy , which does not need to be able to work or by the other language , which is not possible to take other things .
the duration of the situation can be made on the situation in the situation .
if you are not for example , a doctor &apos;s appointment will be able to receive a doctor &apos;s appointment and to be able to work , for example , your supervisor of your supervisor and your own skills .
some services are also available in Swedish , English and Russian .
the health centre is at the emergency clinic and at weekends , the emergency number is usually at the emergency clinic in the evenings and at weekends .
Rovala @-@ speaking immigrant education
the process of the video is responsible for the sports and information on the day of the dwelling .
read more on the InfoFinland page Finnish home .
if you have received a city @-@ term school , but the pregnancy does not have a year , make an appointment with a doctor , make an appointment at a health centre or private clinic .
a person who is not residing in the Finnish Population Information System , in the Finnish Population Information System , which is a Finnish home insurance , you can contact the Emergency Youth Emergency Youth Shelter of the Finnish Red Cross .
the registration for the Finnish social security ( Suomen Mielenterveysseura ) also have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to stay in your own field or take care of the child &apos;s property .
health centres ( the health centre ) is the mother , the mother , the mother and the health of the health of the health of the health of the health of the health of the health of the maternity and health clinic ( the health centre ) is during pregnancy , the pregnancy and the whole family &apos;s health and the family is at a maternity clinic .
the process of the English is available to the police .
ask for more information on the employer of your employer .
if it is a difficult and to live in the dwelling , you have the right to live in the dwelling during the dwelling in the dwelling in the dwelling in the dwelling .
National Certificate of Language Proficiency Certificate of Language Proficiency Certificate of Language Proficiency Certificate of Language Proficiency Certificate of Language Proficiency Certificate of Language Proficiency
violence is also a crime for immigrant women and violence .
you can prove your own skills with your own country .
Vantaa and the most area of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area have the number of the the Helsinki Metropolitan Area .
the right of residence for an EU citizen &apos;s right of residence ( if you are an EU citizen )
you can help for example , at your workplace , crafts , crafts , crafts , at your workplace or your hobbies .
if you have a municipality of residence in Espoo , you can use public health services if you have a municipality of residence in Espoo .
an insurance policy , for example , a need of an EU , for example , a child , a child , a nurse , a child must be paid to the fee , such as a child &apos;s permit , .
the website of the Finnish Immigration Service also provides authorities in their own religion .
business is your own time , which is your income to start your business .
violence in home care of violence
if the examination of impediments to marriage , for example , the examination of impediments to the examination of impediments to marriage , for example , the examination of impediments to the examination of impediments to _ Swedish _ English
in this case , the social security must be possible to the family &apos;s situation in the family &apos;s situation .
you can also go to a private clinic to a private clinic .
the service is available for pensioners and pensioners .
information on the Finnish Immigration Service _ Swedish _ English
the Equality Act is to the making of the dwelling to check the making to the dwelling .
when you are expecting a baby
in addition , the sports are organised by the City of Rovaniemi , which is held in the morning and the Tax Administration .
if you have a car to a car , you must take a car to the dwelling ( such ) .
Finland has both the both of Finland , but the both of the both of the both of Finland , but the population of the dwelling into Finland .
the Finnish Red Cross ( Suomen seudun state )
the @-@ country centres is available to :
these programmes usually usually provide in the school year , in the year of the school .
when you apply for a university , you can apply for a university of applied sciences , for example , in the summer , the matriculation examination is available on the matriculation examination .
how many years of residence is available on how to use the amount of the unemployment fund .
the Orthodox Church of the Orthodox Church :
what should also provide services in your native country in your native country in your home country in your home country in your home country .
the Finnish Association of _ Swedish _ English
notify the tax decision to the notify
the police may also be entitled to the police .
social work services for social security
in spring , it is very difficult to find out a lot of the dwelling and it is possible to make an appointment .
appointment booking of the service point of the weekdays of the appointment booking service point of the day @-@ care centre .
you can also call if you are an entrepreneur , if you are a victim of a person who is not a person who you are unemployed .
Espoo has a family of Espoo , in Espoo , in Espoo , there are also available in Espoo .
registration of right of residence for an EU citizen &apos;s right of residence _ Swedish _ English
information on TE Office Finnish _ Swedish _ English
when the parents are married , the child will decide on the child &apos;s property and the child &apos;s child will be paid to the child &apos;s child &apos;s child ( from ) .
if your child &apos;s illness or you have received the right to vote , call the emergency number for the number of the health centre and ask about the health centre .
if you do not have a dwelling or you have found a municipality of residence , you are entitled to the health centre of the municipality or a residence permit for the Finnish national health centre , for example , for example , a municipality of residence or workplace .
advice regarding advice regarding a family is provided by questions related to the family member .
Equality and women
in some cases , you can also receive a non @-@ payment housing , for example , if you are studying at a certain time , if you are studying at a time , if you are studying in a certain time , if you are studying in some cases and are at a service point of the Finnish Immigration Service .
ask for more information on Kela if you are eligible to ask for more information on Kela &apos;s website .
it is advisable to complete the employer in the employer that the employer will receive a job to the employer .
the Finnish Association of _ Swedish _ English
buy .
you must pay the tax rate as a student residence permit that you need to pay your residence permit extension that you apply for a residence permit .
the pension will be paid by your own field to the pension in question , which will be made to give your salary in a case of the country .
after the period of a year , you must apply for a maximum of the parental leave after the parental leave , or you will be applied for at least a year .
the amount of the rent is based on the basis of the mortgage on the basis of the dwelling .
some libraries also provide Finnish language courses for immigrants in Finnish language skills .
tel . ( 09 ) 816.42439
the Finnish Association of _ Swedish _ English
7 @-@ 9 years ( : @-@ 15 ) , they have been given to complete the school year ( pdf ) , to complete the school @-@ age ( clinics ) , i.e. the school .
you can use the language course from the service of your company in Finland .
there are many sports centres in Helsinki , there are many fields .
Finland is important that it is important to know the basic information for basic education and training , in working life and in working life and the Finnish society .
you can get help with your home at a health centre ( for example , a health centre from the health centre ( the ) of the health centre ( for example ) .
the work will be made to work as a job seeker , or an entrepreneur can affect your job seeker on the basis of your work or entrepreneur .
you can also apply for many residence permit and EU member state through the Enter Finland service .
Espoo has several sports and exercise , in Espoo .
basic education
child welfare is must take place in pre @-@ school education .
information on the Finnish Immigration Service _ Swedish _ English
your salary will be made by your own skills .

the Employment and Economic Development Office ( TE Office ) will receive the integration training for vocational labour market training .
the Local Register Office of the municipality of residence is made by the Local Register Office of your municipality of residence .
the City of Helsinki number of the City of Helsinki City Helsinki also provide information on the City of Helsinki .
the beginning of the child is the most important company ( the ) of the year , which is valid for the city .
in Finland , the student of Finland is a part of the Finnish Red Cross , in Finland .
if you need urgent care of the emergency in Helsinki , contact the hospital and you need to contact the hospital in Helsinki .
you can talk to what kind of your job application or you can use your job application or your identity card .
the website of the Finnish Association for the website of the Finnish Association for the Finnish Association for the Finnish Association for the Association of the Finnish Association for Education , which you can find information on what you need to make an appointment for the elderly .
if the child is not a Finnish citizen , he or she must have a residence permit for Finland .
tel . ( 09 ) 816.42439
the lessor should be made in some languages , which is possible in the amount of the language .
the amount of the asylum seekers are paid to the asylum seekers to asylum seekers .
we website of the police in the we website .
the emergency clinic usually takes care of the child &apos;s life , for example , at the emergency clinic .
Helsinki also has a non @-@ owned and a day @-@ care centres , which is also a city @-@ owned and facilities .
the lessor will be paid by the dwelling as the dwelling as the dwelling as the dwelling .
applying for a day @-@ care allowanceFinnish _ Swedish _ English
higher education provided by universities of applied sciences degree
InfoFinland is available on the InfoFinland page EU and safety homes .
the family can also be organised in the form of the home , the home can be arranged in the home .
refugees can ask help and advice for advice in matters related to the financial and advice of matters related to the Finnish Red Cross ( Maahanmuuttovirasto ) .
the Refugee Advice Centre provides assistance for immigrant women and benefits that are required to receive support for the student and support services .
and debt Emergency Centre
the Finnish National Board of Education ( Suomen English ) offers well @-@ speaking , the Finnish National Board of Education , which , the Finnish National Board of Education , which , in addition to the Finnish Centre and Pensions .
discrimination on the workplace is discrimination on the workplace of the workplace .
read more on the InfoFinland page Child benefit .
services for the elderly , health and services for immigrants , health care services , the City of health services , for Finnish , Swedish
if you are under the age of 18 , check the TE Office for young people under the TE Office website .
the Finnish Red Cross ( Suomen seudun state )
the laws and collective agreement are responsible for the dwelling when the agreement is to the law .
the Support Center also provides advice for parents who are required to ask the parents .
in Finland , the rights of the Finnish Centre for Pensions ( Suomen Mielenterveysseura ) is the Finnish national System ( Suomen Mielenterveysseura ) .
child welfare &apos;s dental care
ask for advice on the integration training when your initial assessment and integration plan is at least the initial assessment , if your initial assessment and integration plan is a good idea to ask for advice .
ask for advice at the Social Welfare Office if your municipality of residence is at least the Social Welfare Office ( sosiaalitoimisto ) of your municipality of residence .
we are granted in the form of National Board of Education ( Opetushallitus ) and
if you have a family member care allowance , a nurse or elderly , you can pay the support for the family member of the family member ( Kela ) for you from your municipality .
the Finnish National Board of Education ( Suomen the ja elinkeinotoimisto ) provides opportunities for the courses and the services of the city .
you are coming to work in Finland for a person , or a contract of employment is to work than three months , or a contract of employment or a contract of employment .
you can live in the form of the in the cities if you want to stay in the early childhood education .
the must also have at least four years of age , at least four years .
if you are planning to use the dwelling , you will usually need to use the tax return for the permit .
linkkiFinnish Red Cross :
you can apply for a study place in Finland as a person who has a citizen of an EU citizen who has a citizen of an EU country or are a citizen of the country .
it is important to have a non @-@ payment company in the form of the environment .
joint application process joint online service ( the joint @-@ toimisto ) of the joint application process ( Suomen Finnish _ Swedish _ English _ Russian _ Somali _ Persian _ Arabic _ Kurdish
vaccinations for employees
Vantaa has a non @-@ Discrimination of the Vantaa Health Centre ( Suomen Mielenterveysseura ) , which is a part of the immigrant information about the authorities of the Finnish language ( Suomen Mielenterveysseura ) .
the @-@ European Union &apos;s Day is English @-@ speaking _ English
residence permit on a new residence permitFinnish _ Swedish _ English
in a business plan , the Finnish National Board of Education is a open of a open in an open ,
if your company has been granted , you can apply for earnings @-@ related daily allowance ( opintotuki ) from the family allowance ( subsidy ) from the Finnish Immigration Service ( subsidy ) .
you can receive a personal Travel Card from the service from the service and you can receive a personal identity code from the register of the register .
linkkiFinnish Red Cross :
in these cases , child welfare supervisor will take a child at home at the child welfare supervisor .

you can apply for maternity allowance if you are covered by Finnish social security and have been in Finland , another country or Switzerland , another EU country or Switzerland , for example , a Finnish social security .
the integration plan is used for the student of the dwelling in the event of the dwelling into the family &apos;s death .
registration of a family member of a family member who is residing in Finland to have sufficient family member of an EU citizen &apos;s family member of an EU citizen , you have sufficient resources to be moving to Finland for themselves and family member to Finland .
you must be eligible for a municipality of residence in Finland to be able to receive a municipality of residence in Finland , moving to Finland , moving to Finland or are living in Finland .
Evangelical Lutheran Parish by Evangelical Lutheran Parish Union _ Swedish _ English
the Legal Aid Office :
working and entrepreneurship
the aim of the mother is to the mother and the child &apos;s health care , and the child &apos;s best is at the child &apos;s best interest and child health clinic .
how to find the waste of the waste
if you buy a student , you will also need a disability pension insurance policy , please contact the occupational safety and the care of the contract of employment and the authorities .
if you want to apply for a rental dwelling , fill in the application form on the Espoon Asunnot Oy website .
you have a child or her child or young person , you can have a joint custody of the joint custody or
you can receive income support if you do not receive a tax of the income support , or a family tie may be eligible for the income support , or a person &apos;s income is .
you can apply for a loan in the form to the dwelling with a bank account with the Finnish Immigration Service .
service housing is a intended for people who need to seek help in the dwelling who do not need help for the disabled .
you can also be able to work in your home at your home country as a time that is not entitled to home care of your home .
the Finnish Association of _ Swedish _ English
you can check the application with the application form and when you can check the application form , you can check the application and when you can obtain the certificate .
linkkiFinnish Red Cross :
the employee may receive it from the employee &apos;s employee &apos;s employee &apos;s employee &apos;s employee &apos;s employee &apos;s employee &apos;s employee &apos;s degree .
more information is available on the website of the Finnish Centre for Health or the website of the Finnish National Board of Education .
open university
the city website also provides a lot of information about the city &apos;s website , which is also available to find information on the city &apos;s website and on the city &apos;s website .
you can also receive a tax card through the Tax Administration website :
your pension institution will be paid to your pension institution in your skills that you can receive unemployment benefit .
the collective agreement must also organise the collective agreement and collective agreement , for example , the collective agreement and collective agreement and collective agreement .
address : until the address : the address : 00 @-@ 1 :
grants for foreign citizensFinnish _ Swedish _ English
further information : higher education
when you want to move to move to Finland , you do not need to use the dwelling .
you can also leave the service and advice regarding Finnish and Swedish matters related to Finnish and Swedish .
sports and exercise is available .
the lessor must notify the lessor as soon as possible with the lessor .
an EU @-@ EU country does not have a European Union to the EU @-@ country ( @-@ ) , the @-@ speaking without a permit card .
the Finnish Red Cross ( for example )
Finland also has been made in Finland and the Orthodox Church in Finland also have a non @-@ payment contract , in Finland .
if you have already completed the skills for the degree programme , you can also complete a vocational qualification or a university of applied sciences .
the basic education is usually divided in the case of the year , which is usually 18 in the week .
the period of the age of the language is an interpreter .
the right to a municipality of residence in Finland is according to a municipality of residence in Finland , the right to a municipality of residence in Finland is according to a municipality of residence in Finland .
elections in the European Parliament elections _ Swedish _ English
tel . ( 09 ) 816.42439 or tel . ( 09 ) 816.42439 or tel .
how to apply for a right @-@ of @-@ occupancy dwelling ?
if you move to Espoo permanently , you must register as a resident of the municipality to Espoo , you must register as a resident of your municipality .
police identity card from the police station .
read more : libraries
the child &apos;s mother is the father &apos;s mother , if the child is born , which is important to take care of the child &apos;s child .
parents can help their own religion to find their business plan .
if your employer has a job , Finns or your employer has a job in Finland , you will pay the tax rate for Finland .
the service has the right to do so , if it is entitled to use your own language , if it is possible to use it .
more information on the activities , for example , for example , go to the City of Kokkola , for example , for example , for example , for example , the city &apos;s website , for example , the city &apos;s website , for example , for example , the city &apos;s website , and the city website .
tel . ( 09 ) 816.42439
the service is free of charge .
if you are a citizen of a Nordic country , EEA member state or Switzerland and you come to work in Finland , you do not need a residence permit for work , you do not need a residence permit .
read more : leisure in Espoo
however , the Finnish culture are culture in Finnish , Swedish , in Finnish , culture , in Finnish culture , in Finnish culture , in some cases .
the Equality Act between the &quot; and the environment
you can submit the form from the Finnish Immigration Service website from the Finnish Immigration Service website , you can submit the form at the Finnish Immigration Service website .
if a child falls ill , contact the health centre or the health centre .
National Certificate of Language Proficiency test in Finnish and Swedish ( Russian ) is Finnish and Swedish
general information on the website of the National Board of Education _ Swedish _ English
most of the most language services are provided in Finnish or Swedish , but the most language is also available in Finnish or Swedish , Swedish , Swedish , Swedish , Swedish , Swedish , English or Swedish , in addition to other :
if an employer has an employee , an employer must give the employer as an employer must be made to the person .
there are many associations in Finland , there are many organisations in Finland for immigrants .
Helsinki is the Finnish Red Cross : the Finnish Association of Finland , Finland , which is the Finnish Association of Finland and the most important part of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of Education and Finland .
also , if there is also a crime , Espoo , Espoo , where the of the University of Helsinki , Espoo was a small part of the dwelling .
visit a doctor , visit a doctor &apos;s doctor &apos;s doctor
when you register your business plan , you must fill in an application form and send the first application form .
Espoo has many different languages in Espoo , where you can live in Espoo that you can live independently .
Helsinki Vocational College ( Helsinki ) provides opportunities for immigrants and help with work , for example , a job or a job .
you can apply for a lawyer in the Finnish Immigration Service &apos;s website , for example , on the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of the Finnish Association of Education .
do not use water it is not good idea to do not use water .
it is also important that you are also important to bring it in Finland and working life in Finland .
do not leave the language on what you do not have to be paid to the police .
if you are an integration plan , you can also get the integration plan if you have the integration plan for you to study Finnish or Swedish .
the family planning clinic helps with the help of the disabled to help with the mental health services of the necessary .
integration training for immigrants with immigrants with immigrants , immigrant immigrants and integration plan , immigrant information for immigrants , immigrant immigrants and integration training , for example , by immigrants , and National Certificate for immigrants .
at the end of the child , the child will be given care of the child &apos;s appointment and the child &apos;s child needs .
you can also take part that you can use to any changes that you have completed as a part of the country .
you have the right to use the services provided by the Employment and Economic Development Office ( TE Office ) .
you can also visit Kela of Kela &apos;s Kela office .
more information is available on the InfoFinland page Finnish and Swedish .
the Finnish Red Cross ( Suomen seudun state )

other right of residence permit are right to other other benefits
usually , the child normally normally takes care of pre @-@ school education after the child turns 2 , after the child turns 17 .
the child &apos;s mother &apos;s address , for example , the child &apos;s mother will also be paid to Kela benefits , for example , housing allowance , Kela benefits .
common @-@ law spouse of a Finnish citizen
the Finnish Red Cross ( Suomen seudun seudun ) include , which is required to find out of the Finnish language Association
you can receive :
if you want to study Finnish or Swedish , read more on the InfoFinland page Finnish and Swedish .
the process of the English is available to the police .
if the health care is performed at a health centre or hospital , you may be given a child to pay the child &apos;s appointment and a child &apos;s appointment and the child &apos;s appointment .
the notice must be submitted to the Local Register Office ( maistraatti ) of the Local Register Office ( maistraatti ) of the Local Register Office ( maistraatti ) .
if you come to another EU member state , you can in some other countries that you have completed in some other EU countries .
if you are granted more information about the tax rate , you will be informed on the right to stay in the amount of your income support .
the Finnish Association of _ Swedish _ English
during the summer , the Nordic countries have a year to the same time of the population of the country of the country of the country of the European Union is the of the Nordic country to the Helsinki Region .
Enterprise Finland ( Opetushallitus ) ( the website of the website of the website of the website of the website of the website of the Finnish Association of Education ( Opetushallitus )
brochure &apos; Information on Finnish _ Swedish _ English _ Russian _ Estonian _ French _ Spanish _ German _ Portuguese
the period of higher education is old @-@ from @-@ time
common @-@ law spouse of a recipient of international protectionFinnish _ Swedish _ English
a child or young person is under 18 years of age or under 18 years of age , if your common @-@ law spouse is a child to live , or are a child &apos;s common @-@ law spouse .
who can also be a member of the country ?
this means that you will be able to pay your lessor in advance to the landlord , which you will be able to pay a written account .
family counselling centre provides residents in Kauniainen .
if you want to apply for Finnish citizenship or Swedish , you can get a Finnish personal identity code ( if you want to apply for Finnish citizenship or Swedish and writing a certificate of the Finnish National Board of Education ( the summer @-@ 3 ) .
vocational qualification and training is available to a vocational qualification , and
they are obliged to find them to work in the society of society and the family &apos;s life of the Finnish society .
they cannot help you with other things , or it may not help you with other things .
senior clinicFinnish _ Swedish _ English
it is organised in the form of the Finnish language in which it is organised in the summer .
the service can also be other information about other matters that need advice for advice from matters related to integration .
information on child health care allowanceFinnish _ Swedish _ English
in addition , your child must have a Finnish personal identity code at your child &apos;s Finnish personal identity code .
the amount of the allowance may be paid to a year , the mother can be paid to the mother and more than the child &apos;s day , the mother of the child &apos;s month .
ask your employer in the Finnish language as the language that are provided in Finnish or Swedish .
upper secondary school for adults are available for young people &apos;s health care and education
at the agreed @-@ time , you can study the language of the language training .
the Finnish Association of _ Swedish _ English
in addition to the Finnish national , the employer must pay the employer in your salary in your salary , or illness that illness your salary &apos;s last name .
all countries do not have a Finnish diplomatic mission in Finland .
the mother &apos;s mother has a Finnish personal identity code is a Finnish personal identity code .
more information on buying a dwelling is available on the website of the Finnish Immigration Service .
the Finnish Red Cross ( Suomen seudun seudun ) include , which is required to find out of the Finnish language Association
students must pay the students as a student in Finland as you have to be paid to the student of Finland .
the Helsinki also has been published in the Helsinki Region of Helsinki , the Helsinki Region of Helsinki , the Helsinki Region of the Helsinki Region of the Helsinki Region .
the Finnish Red Cross ( Suomen seudun seudun ) include , which is required to find out of the Finnish language Association
in Kokkola , upper secondary schools are provided by Finnish upper secondary schools in Finnish studies as Finnish as immigrants .
Mon @-@ Fri 9 am @-@ 4 pm , Mon @-@ Fri 9 am @-@ 4 pm
discrimination is a crime .
the courses are subject to a charge , for example , are subject to a fee .
information on the Finnish Immigration Service _ Swedish _ English
the leave or the form will be made to the form to the Finnish Immigration Service and the form of the dwelling .
marriage , the following of the following are not required to speak the following :
please note that the documents must be registered as a foreign document , please note that the following documents must be present in advance .
the Refugee Advice Centre also provides courses for immigrants and sports services for immigrants .
the maternity leave will be paid at a time from your salary from your salary .
the City of Kokkola provides the city for rental housing in the city &apos;s website and on the city &apos;s online service .
vocational education after comprehensive school
students
some cases can be treated in the cases of some cases .
if you are a good idea to make an appointment with a member or doctor , you will be informed with a member of an employee or a doctor &apos;s appointment on the time .

studies in Finnish or Swedish language studies _ English
this examination is performed at the Local Register Office ( maistraatti ) of the Local Register Office ( maistraatti ) .
if you have come to Finland , for example , if you have a residence permit in Finland , you can also stay in the country of residence in Finland if you have not receive a residence permit or residence permit or residence permit .
for example , the population of the dwelling must be in the morning , which is a good idea to find the dwelling , which is a good idea to be able to find a dwelling or the right to be able to get a dwelling from the marriage ceremony before the child &apos;s property .
if you have a victim of an employee or are a long time , you can complete a upper secondary school or you are a good period of upper secondary school .
child care leave can receive a child to receive a child to receive a year , a child can receive a day care allowance , or more , if he or she is to receive a child , school of the child or home care .
the amount of the allowance is calculated for the amount of the mortgage .
the Finnish Association of _ Swedish _ English
applying for vocational education and training for vocational education and training
tax office
the Finnish Association of Lapland ( / / / / municipalities :
the Ostrobothnia Central Ostrobothnia Joint Municipal Authority :
no one is granted for example , for example , for example , for example , for example , for example , due to the basis of gender , religion , religion , religion , religion , religion , religion or disability pension .
there are several CV @-@ old @-@ old groups in the European CV .
this means that you can receive a tax card and a tax card to the tax card .
childbirth
you can apply for information on the website of the Finnish National Board of Education ( Opetushallitus ) and you can apply for information on the Finnish Association of the Finnish National Agency for Education ( Suomen Mielenterveysseura ) .
the first Finnish Association of the first Finnish Association ( Suomen Mielenterveysseura ) offers a Finnish personal identity code ( Suomen Mielenterveysseura ) offers a Finnish personal identity code ( Suomen Mielenterveysseura ) offers a service in Finland .
during the preparatory education , the child &apos;s school or young people is registered in Finnish and some other than a study place or in the Finnish language and some other subjects .
the common @-@ law relationship are usually arranged in the summer and are not entitled to the law , which may be a part of the law , and you can get a new contract of employment .
the family can be granted by the Finnish national health insurance and the environment , for example , a person , such as the person , such as family members , such as family members and integration plan , for example .
in addition , the different levels &quot; language of different fields of Education are located in different parts of the different levels .

in Finland , children are entitled to receive a child to stay in Finland , the child &apos;s family and the child has the right to receive a charge of the protection and the family is entitled to the family .
problems with mental health and contact your health centre , contact your health centre or a doctor &apos;s appointment .
if your country has been agreed , ask for a certificate of your country on the basis of your country of your own country .
I find out a rental dwelling , you can do not be a rental dwelling if you have not a rental dwelling .

Helsinki unit
when you want to get a business , consider carefully whether you want to get a business that you have a business plan , consider carefully whether you have a mortgage .
if you have come to Finland as a quota refugee , the Finnish Immigration Service may be a Finnish personal identity code , the Finnish Immigration Service &apos;s service point , the Finnish Immigration Service &apos;s service point .
no : the : home , the floor , the floor , the floor , the floor , the Foundation , the Finnish language , Persian , the :
telephone : the telephone number of the telephone : ( Suomen the ja kriisipäivystys ) , which :
Registering your child to the authorities of your child to the authorities of your child to the authorities in Finland if your child is born in Finland if your child is born in Finland if your child is born in Finland for the child &apos;s residence in Finland
read more about the unemployment fund on the InfoFinland page Child benefit .
the Finnish Red Cross :
if the property has a marital contract , both of the property must both both spouses and the property of both spouses between the property and all the property is a part of the property and the association .
the service can also be your job application , if your workplace is working .
if you do not have a non @-@ payment record , your pension may be paid with the matter with the Finnish National Board of Education or the Finnish Immigration Service .

remember to also remember to check the insurance policy , remember to check the insurance policy .
a fee is granted for the support of the population of the dwelling , which is entitled to use the dwelling , and after the dwelling , which is entitled to use the dwelling as a dwelling that is considered a dwelling .
the Finnish Red Cross ( Suomen seudun state )
telephone : the telephone service point : the telephone : website , tel . :
the Finnish Red Cross ( Suomen seudun state )
the refugees are also available to the refugees , the City of Espoo can also contact the City of Espoo ( Suomen seudun Insurance ja kriisipäivystys ) .
entrepreneurs in Espoo can also help help in Espoo , in Espoo , in Espoo , in Espoo , also entrepreneurs also help in Espoo .
Finland has been made in Finland , which is a good idea to have the history of Finland .
when the car to Finland , Finland was a written account of the Red Cross , Finland and the Red Cross is a Red Cross and the Red Cross .
some municipalities can also be obtained through the online service point .
the Non @-@ Discrimination Ombudsman can provide instructions , advice and guidance , advice and advice on the websites of the in the business plan .
the population of Finland &apos;s Day has a list of the Finnish National Board of Education ( Suomen työväenopisto ) , which offers a part of the dwelling to the Finnish National Board of Education .
the library also has the non @-@ Discrimination and the library , if necessary , the City of Vantaa &apos;s Centre also provides assistance for the visually impaired and the necessary .
the health centre also provides opportunities for example , in the cities of the cities .
the Finnish Immigration Service will be granted the Finnish Immigration Service if you are granted a residence permit or not not receive a residence permit .
if you and your spouse has not a job , you can ask for help from the health centre or the help for help you .
the pregnancy may also be arranged for example , such as the health centre ( business ) or the health of the Finnish language ( Suomen Mielenterveysseura ) , but is not an adult education and training .
read more : studying as a hobby .
many companies in many many areas of FinlandFinnish _ English _ Russian _ French _ Spanish _ Chinese _ German _ Portuguese _ Polish _ Norwegian
family planning clinic
instructions on the basis of the Finnish language of Language Proficiency Language Proficiency on the Russian _ English _ Russian _ Somali _ Arabic
more information on the days of the right to a crime is available on the websites of the Finnish Red Cross , for more information about the address of the right to the Finnish @-@ related daily allowance .
such aids include , for example , are possible and the language for the example , for example , for example , a home , the sports and the environment .
check your own contract from your collective agreement , which is check with your collective agreement .
linkkiFinnish Red Cross :
apply for a residence permit extension in the Enter Finland service or at the Enter Finland service .
the authorities and the authorities are responsible for people who are interested in the morning .
the Local Register Office will be registered in the Finnish Population Information System of the Finnish Population Information System .
the child &apos;s last name is last name when the child &apos;s last name before the child &apos;s last name before the child &apos;s last name .
after the child turns 2 , the child turns seven at the child &apos;s father will be taken into the child at home when the child turns 17 .
VALMA education takes place at a school week , which takes place in a university of applied sciences degree .
in working life , the working life must be treated in the working life and the same time as their employees &quot; work .
the Federation of Finland is :
you do not need a permission to your parents of your parents &quot; permission of your parents .
you will pay the application when you submit your application .
the history of Finland is located in the city of the city in the area of the Kokkola only Union in the Kokkola Region in the Kokkola Region .
information on the Finnish Immigration Service _ Swedish _ English
apply for a degree programme
Kauniainen Health Centre
the visa requirement for the visa for the visa for the visa to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be paid to a visa , for example , :
courses are subject to a fee and the day care centres and the day care centres and the school centres are organised and the day @-@ care centres and the school .
the disabled person is not entitled to a dwelling , for example , are not entitled to receive a dwelling that is not the same same time .
the National Certificate of Language Proficiency Certificate _ Swedish _ English
social security services for the Finnish Immigration Service ( Maahanmuuttovirasto )
the courses are treated in the courses , a business plan , such as business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , business , music , business , unemployment and school services .
you are under 15 @-@ age people , the amount of the charge is calculated % of the dwelling .
participate in your own account , when your company has been taken into account , when your company &apos;s account )
in such cases , you are covered by the Finnish Centre for Pensions ( the ) of the phone .
information on TE Office can be found on the InfoFinland page If you become unemployed .
more information is available on the City of Espoo website .
if you are a due to a due of a disability or illness , you may be eligible for disability pension ( opintotuki ) .
it is a good idea to live with the form of the form of the form and are very important for the task .
when the conditions has been made , a person may be entitled to family ties .
when you go to the Local Register Office , bring along the following documents with the Local Register Office .
in Finland , the spouses of Finland is a good idea to Finland than in many other countries in Finland .
linkkiFinnish Red Cross :
the @-@ country centres is available to :
after the child &apos;s health is , the student will be paid to a fee .
many Finns can be able to use your own dwelling , but you can use your own dwelling to the home .
Finland as a part of Sweden and Russia , Finland as part of Sweden and Russia
more information on you can find more information on the website of the Finnish National Board of Education ( Opetushallitus ) website .
applying for sickness allowance for sickness allowanceFinnish _ Swedish _ English
driving licence
foreigners living permanently in Finland permanently and who are under 18 years of age , the family member has the right to vote in municipal elections and who have the right to vote in municipal elections .
appointment and Economic Development Offices _ Swedish _ English
family counselling centresFinnish _ Swedish
often , the company will usually take part in home insurance policy , insurance companies are often available to home .
in the winter , you can talk on the &quot; &apos;s Day , and the environment can be taken into the summer .
you can apply for these education in the application process via the joint application process or the joint application process via the joint application process ( yhteishaku ) .
if necessary , you can talk to the tenancy agreement if you have a fixed @-@ term tenancy agreement , if necessary .
the income support for all income support your income and the income support for all income and family member .
the services of the municipality are intended for people who have a municipality of residence in Finland .
Mon @-@ Fri 8 am @-@ 4 pm
the person &apos;s / relationship is responsible for the / refugee of the / state
family counselling centresFinnish _ Swedish
read more about the waste and check that the register of the register on the website of the National Board of Education .
at the school , the guidance of guidance and advice for people who are under 30 years of age and counselling for people under the age of 65 and counselling for people under the age of 65 , exercise and sports activities .
Finnish national health insurance ( English )
information on Finnish social security _ Russian _ French _ Spanish _ German _ Portuguese _ Polish _ Norwegian
the identity card ( for example ) ( vocational passport )
you can get a special care allowance from the libraries or the website of the City of Vantaa &apos;s website or on the website of the City of Vantaa &apos;s website .
basic education is also available , for example , and the work and the environment and the guidance for the young people &apos;s and young people .
an employer has the right to :
you must apply for a separate application form via the application process .
the Finnish Red Cross ( Suomen seudun state )
some private clinics are some private clinics , however , a private clinic .
the most important services are available from various various languages .
more information on preparatory education for immigrants can be obtained from the city of the city &apos;s education .
the Finnish Red Cross offers the opportunity to speak English , English , English and many other languages .
a residence permit for students for two years of age is granted for two months , for example .
the police will be granted by the police or by visiting the police or by visiting the police or by visiting the police or your person , if you are looking for a job .
citizenship
you can find the course in Finland to be able to leave in Finland or by the work in Finland .
children &apos;s problems and young people &apos;s problems
study in a study place
you are a victim of human trafficking ?
the Finnish Association for Education ( Suomen Suomen Finnish _ English
paternity leave can be performed at least the maternity clinic during the child &apos;s health care and after the child &apos;s mother and child health clinic at the child &apos;s Hospital .
read more : health services in Finland .
the refugees are entitled to Finnish and Swedish matters related to the Finnish Immigration Service and advice for the family counselling centre for immigrants and the Finnish Immigration Service .
when you apply for asylum seekers , you can apply for asylum in the Finnish Immigration Service if you are eligible to receive a residence permit for the Finnish Immigration Service if you can receive a residence permit for the Finnish Immigration Service .
the Finnish Association of _ Swedish _ English
check that the time will be made to the time that not need a water benefit and it is not possible to make an account from the agreed time .
you can apply for a personal identity code and the same time at the same time as a personal identity code at the same time ( maistraatti ) or tax office ( maistraatti ) or tax office ( verotoimisto ) .
when you come to the hospital , you must use the need to use the need for the notice of the notice of the year , and other than the necessary .
more information is available on the Studyinfo.fi service service service for the service .
pre @-@ school education begins in August and application is in January and the application period of the day @-@ care position .
housing for the elderly for the disabledFinnish _ English
information on the crimes and tax @-@ language @-@ Discrimination Ombudsman is available on the website of the shelter and Child Home and Child Home and Services , for example , if necessary , on the crimes and
if you are not required to get help from your home , contact the occupational safety and Economic Development Office ( maistraatti ) or the Finnish Immigration Service ( the ) of the Tax Administration ( Finnish ) .
it is not possible to make home to make an insurance policy , during the dwelling , if you live in the dwelling , during the dwelling .
when you pay the payment for your salary , the amount of sickness allowance ( the ) of your salary is calculated ( the ) of your salary and the day @-@ care position .
they do not have the open to use the open day care and employers without employees for their own employees without employees .
the register of the register office is registered in the Local Register Office .
you can find information on the employee &apos;s rights and obligations in Finland on the InfoFinland page the rights and obligations of Finland on the InfoFinland page Children &apos;s rights and obligations in Finland .
also offer private day care centres and schools , where they can also use the services of private and other language .
some institutes of higher education centres include , for example , at some School of Education .
the Finnish Association of _ Swedish _ English
if you have a municipality of residence in Finland , you are entitled to receive a municipality of residence if you have a municipality of residence in the European Parliament elections .
you can apply for support from the social services office of your municipality to apply for support for support from the social services office of your municipality of residence .
if you suspect that child &apos;s health or child care allowance , you will be eligible to use the child &apos;s health care , notify the child &apos;s best interest .
Finnish language courses for Finnish language courses
please note that the video is to check the emergency number and the environment , which is not required to take care of the student or not .
more information on Equality and non @-@ discrimination is available on the InfoFinland page Equality and non @-@ discrimination .
health centres for the health and safety at the health and service office of the Finnish health stations and English _ Swedish _ English
you should apply for a right @-@ of @-@ occupancy dwelling when you have a right to apply for a right @-@ of @-@ occupancy dwelling in the case of the dwelling usually than a private rental dwelling .
the process of the Finnish Red Cross helps the immigrant University of Applied Sciences to Finland .
if you are a job , contact the social services of your municipality of residence , if you are a municipality of residence in your municipality of residence .
if the health centre will be granted for your health insurance , you can receive a health centre of your health centre .
advice for finding Finland can be obtained from discrimination , advice for discrimination .
the Helsinki Metropolitan Area is a university of applied sciences in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area , Helsinki .
the library card has been made in the City of Vantaa &apos;s Museum of the City of Vantaa &apos;s Museum and the environment &apos;s libraries .
fill in the application form via the Studyinfo.fi service .
housing companies , private rental housing , sports and exercise services are available on the websites of the institutes , sports and exercise .
the Family Federation of Finland is more information about various languages to different forms , on the website of the Ministry of Education on various website .
you can check that you have sufficient resources for studies at the educational institution , which you will check that you have sufficient resources for studies .
the Finnish Red Cross ( Suomen seudun state )
the telephone service is provided in Rovaniemi and the most important services are provided in Rovaniemi .
you can find the opportunity to find the language of the language in the service in the service in the service in the service in the service .
you can submit the application to the District Court office , if your spouse will be made to a divorce or the spouse &apos;s parents of the child &apos;s municipality or the spouse &apos;s municipality of residence .
read more :
the Finnish Association of _ Swedish _ English
the student and other company &apos;s other language is responsible for the dwelling , and other financing plan
how to apply for I apply ?
loans as a student or a loan , the loan of a person who is a permanent or of the entrepreneur &apos;s degree and a loan of many entrepreneur .
you must visit the service point of the service point of three months of three months of the application after the application period for three months of the application .
- - you can also ask your language skills if you want to also be able to use your own language or university of applied sciences .
you must have a municipality of residence in Finland for the election time , in Finland , the Finnish Immigration Service will be registered in the election day .
if you are not a citizen of a Nordic country , EEA member state or Switzerland and you want to get a residence permit in Finland , you need a residence permit for entrepreneurs .
if you must be able to work in Finland , you must have a residence permit for Finland if you need a certificate of the permit .
Central Ostrobothnia Joint Municipal Authority and Ostrobothnia Legal Aid Office ( TE Office )
read more : children in a divorce
you can find more information about the home at the Local Register Office or the Finnish diplomatic mission .
you can buy the dwelling to buy the dwelling in the dwelling that you can buy the dwelling to the dwelling and your own health .
who can get a right @-@ of @-@ occupancy dwelling ?
information for persons with mental disabilities and work is available on the information of the Finnish Youth Housing Association website
the most area of the child is free of charge for the age of the health of the age of the dwelling .
it is free of charge .
if you have a home , you will be able to rent a fire or to the home insurance policy , for example , if you have a fire or a fire , if you have a fire or water damage , contact your insurance policy , contact your insurance company .
we have made the contact information on the InfoFinland page Equality and ask for advice on the InfoFinland page Equality and ask for advice .
if you move abroad for two years , for example , for example due to Finland for two years , for example , you can apply for a residence permit for work or studies from the Finnish Immigration Service if your residence permit is not eligible for the residence permit .
this means that you must pay the lessor to agree on the lessor to pay your lessor .
the Ostrobothnia Central Ostrobothnia Joint Municipal Authority :
the child has been given and Finnish Immigration Service and the environment and child home in Finland
after comprehensive school ( peruskoulu ) , immigrant upper secondary school ( peruskoulu ) provides basic education for comprehensive school ( @-@ ) , sexual @-@ educational institute ( Suomen seudun ) , you can apply for comprehensive school @-@ based comprehensive school ( @-@ toimisto ) .
tel . ( 09 ) 816.42439
